As Business Results achieved a mean of  27.5 and a cycle time 32.6.  always processing the largest and more complex cases, clarifying situation that were misunderstood that looks like SOX, so I reached the goal to help IBM external security standards reputation without any SOX. Also corroborate to SQUAD Invoice Accuracy focusing on processes that support billing. Have already been 901 cases closed. 
Daily effort getting to know each customer better, through calls, understanding their needs and peculiarities. The Result NPS 97.9 Ratings 94 Rating Submitters 18, from 12 comments given, 7  speaking about provide support by listen and explaining, anytime. I am proud of it so reflects I understand their doubts and put the client first. 
Identifying automation and RPA for all process even at small ways, Daniel Pagetti performed a mentoring for 6 months where I started to delivery small VBA solutions as: 1- check available work number amount, 2 -remove special characters, 3 - formato e calculo de TAX work numbers. 
Also working on “VBA formatting and calculation Template Registration”. Develop a new template for billing of exportation. The Biggest Project was done in partnership with transformers team “VBA to check available Work amount in CFTS”. Latter I was engage on Innoskiling as a role of automation developer, result was delivered 2 solutions: Wiki Automation Click and Wiki Automation Background. We don’t use the Wiki of Invoicing Special Conditions keep on WEB. Saving 3537 hours by hear for all SSA market.
Asking for feedback monthly 3 new behaviors was change that improved my role, the most important by my manager Gustavo that help me to understand how to face huge changes as the spin-off of IBM, being resilient. 
At your learning journey got the super learner status, with 81 hours and earned tje Badge IBM Agile Explorer. About the course’s accomplishments, 25 hours in python programing courses.
Also recognized by peers and requester as helping and supportive, getting their trust. Followed all the counsels of my Manager and team leader.
